Great. So now we have all the pieces.
So let's calculate the Shapley value for our feature zero.
So for a single observation,
where feature zero is one and feature one is also one,
feature two is also one,
calculate the Shapley value of feature
zero as the weighted sum of the differences in predictions.
So notice here, those diff variables that we calculated for cases A, B, C,
and D, that's this expression here,
and the weight that we calculated,
which is actually that expression with the factorials,
we stored in the variables called weight A, B,
C, and D. This summation is just saying sum across all of those.
So go ahead and do that.
Then, when you're done, you can verify with the Shap library.
So the Shap library is written by Scott Lundberg,
the creator of Shapley Additive Explanations.
So here's a link to it.
Here's the GitHub repo.
But we've already installed it.
So we can actually call it this way.
So from the Shap library,
create a TreeExplainer and pass in the model.
This is the model that we trained initially with all three features.
Then, call shap_values and pass in this NumPy array of one, one, one.
So when you print this out,
you'll see the Shap value that we calculated by hand with our own code,
and also the one from the Shap library itself.
So these two should match.
We didn't calculate the Shapley values for features one and two,
but we'll print this out as well.
So this will help when we think about what this means.
Go ahead and try it out and then check out the solution video.